Oh God storage rooms give me the creeps
please hurry up honey please Rachel if
you want the little round office you've
got to wait till I find the little round
wall flyer I want the little brown
waffles all right oh here it is right
underneath the can of bug bomb wonder if
the best place to put something that
cooks food is underneath the can of
poison okay you know what I'll have
toast
you guys you guys we were doing were
just in the storage area and we saw this
really creepy man it was like this crazy
eyed hairy beast man he was like a like
a Bigfoot or I Getty or something any he
came at us with an axe
so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him
yeah I pulled the tab and I just found
his Yeti ass uh like dark hair bushy
beard yeah yeah you fogged Annie please
we did not fog Danny who's Danny Danny
just moved in downstairs yeah he just
got back from like this four-month Trek
in the Andes nice fella Oh
leave nice he is nice you know you
always stick up for the people we fog
yeah I've been you might not remember us
but we are the girls that fogged you
we're really sorry we fought you yeah
okay
hi uh just so you know we didn't mean to
fog you we actually thought you were
like a Yeti
okay yes hi
oh sorry to bother you but I don't think
that we can accept your acceptance of
our apology it just doesn't really seem
like you mean it
yeah okay the guy is so rude
really what is with that guy when you
forgive me if I fogged you well you did
a little bit oh my god honey I'm so
sorry I totally forgive you
[Music]
hi so you like the short near better
what get it Danny had to cut my hair to
get rid of the fogger smell oh listen
I'm so sorry I would I would have never
fogged you you know Ibn look so you know
um absolutely yeah some people are just
into appearances he what what's going on
hey whoa whoa no no no that is not cool
you don't even know me come on get the
shopping bags and the Saks catalog so
what from that you think you've got me
all figured out what well you don't you
know I could have toys for
underprivileged kids in here
do you well you know it's kids like to
play with pre pants okay and stop saying
that I hate that okay fine I judged you
I made a snap judgment but you did it
too and you're worse because you are
sticking to your stupid snap judgment
you can't even open up your mind for a
second to see that you might be wrong
what does that say about you a pizza
place across street any good what hungry
when gets a pizza
you can keep yelling if there's more
okay okay stop saying that I hate that